the fernreise belletti if you look in
a world of games really nice
lose or run or run away
I want to do it in one
open world we have each other
sat down and some games exactly
looked at here are our jobs with
open world games intrup our first
Game is an open world classic of
1999 yes I know it cool but awesome
the game outkast cutter slade and the
At that time planet abdel had us extremely
impresses the living game world the
insanely elaborate voxel graphic and
the story of my whole stranger
Species in front of a tyrannical reign
Rescue is not just about captivating there
on the foreign planet and his
I can discover a lot to discover
who should still today in the system
you can also find that you play
Einstein was not a stop , for example
is a world in which one as
overwhelming virus mother has everything
uses what I put with the way
Also thought is probably not
entertainment presented in prototype 2
military bases skyscraper or as gar
nothing is certain before james brighter
infected with the prototype virus
and so through the big fictional new
york fights to talk about his family
instead of 18, they have too little
people played and a fantastic one
fantasy world
every step could be his last
the world is big and dangerous
exciting dragon's dogma speaks in the
decker in the player a quick trip
Function does not exist first and
as well as exploring the open
game world becomes a necessity in the
one by one all secrets
airs and meets a wide variety of npcs
good for quite a few
or evil savior of mankind or her
traffic in the verbiss 2 you have the
either one has, the large city
either defend or ori siert
not just these two strands of action
make the fans two so cool but
also exploring and the side mission
which provide the protagonists worry
for a lot of fun and vulture
character develop what 16 mine
power plant meets my power well when
you're already playing gold, too
then one belongs to whom one speaks
there is still an open world behind
own whats in there gang
definitely quite minecraft big
world infinite possibilities none of
We both have this game ever
Seriously played maximum one somewhere
Creative mode to play without the league
to violate it but we know
to the possibilities in the game and thus
is more than deserving in this ranking
In addition, the developers are called mojang
what about the gail
increase in the whole market is
with a fall from the sky paraglider
to make a truck body just cause 2
It makes possible the chic island area around
the completely crazy possibilities the
offers to the game and this permanent
world in any way
as creative shit as possible to build
super just cause 2 is going to be much too much anyway
Little is that you get for the
thrown after scene and should
definitely play tailor bickmann
just cause 2 on place 14 we have full
on 22 not 32 of o2 offers the
players a terrific end-time world and
the total imagination in this
to move world
You can be a radiant hero
Let celebrate celebrate the life saves and that
fights crime or one man
subjugates a complete city and lives
as psychopathic women
worse than the known
Sadistic criminal through the world
So if not just the world pulls like that
is open but also the
character development and now in the
areas Switzerland against which this must
quite clearly in relation to his
mother are clear of world shooter
Troll players use different skills
we want a bacterium and weapons
luck we discussed three hours
four hours
borderlands so in borderlands 2 by
be a beautiful one
varied cel shading world and
when you are with your friends through the
land strip rises and apple invited yes
then there is the appearance of
borderlands 2 only very few
alternative how so much fun
are doing so well and besides it has 83
percent more
so now has four parts for
which could we have decided
for the third apart from that the
story at saints row 3 how coal is
There is even a quarantine zone
full of zombies are the singer parts
famous for their great big freerolls
But kappan play worlds on ours
in the eleventh place we have zelda majora's mask
the game world is alive and well
mysterious one specially gains
she and her inhabitants are so sweet that
they will award protect at all
that makes it all the worse that she does
is constantly threatened by
I 've been scared of getting started
developer and on friday it works too
even further with places 10 to 12
I'll probably know what else there
do not give a thumb around it
or subscribe and we'll help that
that we honestly do what that makes
happy and that does not matter
German culture does not like it so much
seen here gets super from
probably because there is no
statistics too